♪OH, TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪TAKE ME HOME ♪
♪ONCE MORE ♪
♪THE WAY
YOU WEAR YOUR HAT ♪
♪THE WAY YOU SIP YOUR TEA ♪
♪THE MEMORY OF ALL THAT ♪
♪NO, NO, THEY CAN'T
TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME ♪
♪THE WAY YOUR SMILE
JUST BEAMS ♪
♪THE WAY YOU SING OFF-KEY ♪
♪THE WAY YOU HAUNT
MY DREAMS ♪
♪NO, NO, THEY CAN'T
TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME ♪
I KNEW I SHOULDN'T
HAVE WORN 3-INCH HEELS.
I KEPT SINKING
INTO THE GRASS
DURING THE EULOGY.
MANNY. THERE YOU ARE.
HOW YOU DOING, SWEETIE?
[SNIFF]
THERE'S JUST SO MUCH TO SAY.
ANNIE LOOKED SO GORGEOUS
LAID OUT WITH ALL THOSE
FLOWERS AROUND HER.
YOU KNOW,
IT JUST LOOKED LIKE
SHE WAS TAKING A NAP.
WE BOUGHT THAT DRESS
TOGETHER.
SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T HAVE
ANYPLACE TO WEAR IT.
WHERE'S MOLLY?
SHE'S PROBABLY IN HER ROOM.
I BETTER GO.
SEE HOW SHE'S DOING.
DORIS, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU.
WHERE'S MY HEAD?
SO WHAT'S THE MATTER?
EVERYBODY ON A HUNGER STRIKE
OR SOMETHING?
EVE, I WAS JUST HAVING
YOUR FAMOUS COOKIES.
FABULOUS.
THEY'RE NOT TOO SWEET.
TWO CUPS SUGAR
FOR A WEDDING,
ONE CUP FOR A FUNERAL,
AND TODAY
I USED HALF A CUP.
IT SEEMED RIGHT.
EASY ON THAT STRUDEL, HARRY.
OH!
MOLLINCHKA.
YOU TRY THAT
APRICOT BUNDT CAKE?
THE ONLY THING I HAVEN'T EATEN
IS THE TABLECLOTH.
POOR KID.
THANK GOODNESS
SHE'S SO YOUNG.
IF SHE'S LUCKY,
SHE WON'T REMEMBER.
DON'T TELL ME I LOST HARRY.
MOLLINCHKA.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
MY DARLING?
OH, MOLLY.
OH.
COME HERE.
I'LL SEE YOU, DAD.
MMM.
O.K.
O.K. BUS IS LEAVING.
ALL RIGHT.
HERE WE GO.
ALL RIGHT. O.K.
SID, GIVE ME THE DUCK.
GIVE ME THE DUCK.
I'M SORRY.
I JUST MISS ANNIE ALREADY.
SHIRL, PLEASE, HUH?
O.K., O.K.
I LOVE YOU SWEETIE, O.K.?
GOODBYE, PRINCESS.
YOU'LL GIVE US A CALL?
HON, PLEASE.
TAKE CARE, OLD MAN.
YOU'LL CALL?
BYE-BYE, MOLLINCHKA.
BYE-BYE.
SAY GOODBYE
TO GRANDMA AND GRANDPA.
BYE-BYE.
DON'T YOU WANT TO WEAR
THE MATCHING TOP?
WANT ME TO SING YOU
A LULLABY?
HMM?
WHAT WAS THE SONG
THAT MOMMY SANG TO YOU?
HOW DOES THAT GO?
DO YOU WANT
TO TEACH ME A LULLABY
TO SING TO YOU EVERY NIGHT?
O.K.
HERE'S A FUN ONE.
♪OH, THE COFFEE
THAT THEY GIVE YOU ♪
♪THEY SAY
IT'S MIGHTY FINE ♪
♪IT'S GOOD
FOR CUTS AND BRUISES ♪
♪AND TASTES LIKE IODINE ♪
♪OH, I DON'T WANT NO MORE
OF ARMY LIFE ♪
♪GEE, MOM, I WANNA GO ♪
♪GEE-- ♪
WE'RE GOING
TO BE FINE, MOLLY.
JUST FINE, YOU AND ME.
I'M GLAD TO SEE
YOUR SMILING FACE.
I HAVEN'T
GOTTEN LAMB CHOP
TO SMILE ALL DAY.
SALISBURY STEAK...
FOR MADAME,
AND VEAL PARMIGIANA FOR ME.
THERE YOU GO.
LOOK, MOLLY.
TATER TOTS.
YOUR FAVES.
MMM. VERY GOOD, VERY GOOD.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
YOU WANT TO GET THAT?
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
AND HIS SORE THROAT.
[COUGHING]
[RING]
HELLO.
HEY, HI, SID.
I'M NOT READY
TO COME BACK TO WORK
QUITE YET.
I HAVE SOME PEOPLE
COMING BY TOMORROW
THAT MIGHT STAY WITH MOLLY
SO I CAN LEAVE.
I START AT 8:00.
I WILL HAVE HAD
MY BREAKFAST,
AND I ASSUME THE CHILD
WILL HAVE HAD HERS.
AT NOON, A BRISK WALK,
FOLLOWED BY TWO HOURS
OF BIBLE STUDY.
WHERE IS THE CHILD?
I FEEL LIKE
SOPHIA LOREN
IN  HOUSEBOAT
WHEN SHE MEETS
THE WIDOWED CARY GRANT
AND SELFLESSLY GIVES
HERSELF TO HIS FAMILY.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
DID YOU SEE IT?
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO LOSE SOMEONE
CLOSE TO YOUR HEART.
I UNDERSTAND.
WINNIE AND I,
WE BOTH UNDERSTAND.
I'M SO TIRED.
AND I'M NOT TIRED?
KIDS.
OH, I LOVE KIDS.
I HAVE A REAL WAY
WITH CHILDREN.
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
AND NO WINDOWS!
I GET VERY NERVOUS.
IF I PUT MY HEAD
BETWEEN MY LEGS,
I'LL BE BETTER.
[THUMP]
I REALIZE
IT'S YOUR DECISION,
BUT I ALSO SING.
♪WON'T YOU COME HOME,
BILL BAILEY? ♪
♪WON'T YOU COME HOME? ♪
♪I CRIED
THE WHOLE DAY LONG ♪
KIDS LOVE THAT.
KIDS LOVE ME,
MR. SINGER.
I WALK INTO
A ROOM FULL OF KIDS,
THEY DRIFT TO ME...
LIKE A GODDAMN
KID MAGNET.
UH, LET'S SEE.
I'M NOT SURE
WHERE TO BEGIN.
UM...
WELL,
MR. JONES DIED,
AND WE NEVER HAD
ANY CHILDREN,
AND BELIEVE ME,
I WOULD TREAT
YOUR LITTLE MOLLY
WITH ALL THE LOVE
AND TENDERNESS
I'D HAVE GIVEN
MY OWN.
O.K., SWEETPEA.
LET'S SEE ABOUT MAKING YOU
SOME BREAKFAST.
WHAT MIGHT BE GOOD?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
CAT GOT YOUR TONGUE?
JONESY'S FAMOUS PANCAKES
WILL LOOSEN YOU UP.
JUST MAKING SURE
WE GOT ALL THE MAKINGS.
O.K.
OH, BOY.
AREN'T WE HAVING FUN?
OOH.
[PLAYING
SIMPLE PIANO MELODY]
HI!
IT'S FOR AFTER WORK.
THANKS.
SHE'S BEEN PLAYING
THAT LITTLE DITTY ALL DAY.
MAYBE YOU COULD
TALK TO HER ABOUT THAT.
HER MOTHER WAS
TEACHING HER THAT.
HIDE-AND-SEEK
NOODLE CASSEROLE.
PEEKABOO.
THIS IS JUST
THE FIRST COURSE.
LOOKS FABULOUS.
THE OTHER COURSES...
THEY'RE HIDDEN
THROUGHOUT THE ROOM.
I'M JUST KIDDING.
CHICKEN MARENGO.
THAT LOOKS
FABULOUS.
DOESN'T IT, MOL?
I BET YOUR WIFE
WASN'T THIS GOOD A COOK.
YOU THINK? HUH?
MOLLY!
NO, IT IS PERFECTLY
ALL RIGHT, MR. SINGER.
KIDS SOMETIMES GO THROUGH
A VERY TOUGH TIME.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST--
NO, I'M SORRY.
EXCUSE ME.
JUST...
JUST FINISH YOUR...
[PLAYING PIANO MELODY]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M DOING EVERYTHING
A WIFE DOES.
SHOULDN'T I BE GETTING
EVERYTHING A WIFE GETS?
[THUMP] OW!
HELLO, KID.
MY NAME'S CORRINA.
I BET YOU'RE MOLLY.
I HEAR YOU DON'T LIKE
TALKING MUCH THESE DAYS,
BUT THAT'S
ALL RIGHT WITH ME
BECAUSE IT MAKES MY JOB
A LOT EASIER.
OH.
NICE WHEELS.
WHEN WOULD YOU
LIKE ME TO START?
WHY DON'T YOU
HAVE A SEAT HERE?
I THOUGHT WE WOULD
TALK A BIT.
TALK. ALL RIGHT.
HOW LONG
HAVE YOU LIVED
IN THE HOUSE?
UH, THREE YEARS.
DO YOU HAVE
ANY REFERENCES--
HAVE YOU HAD MAIDS
BEFORE?
MY WIFE
TOOK CARE OF EVERYTHING.
SO YOU'RE A BEGINNER.
LET'S GET
SOME THINGS STRAIGHT.
YES, LET'S.
SALARY DOES NOT INCLUDE
SUPPLIES--
EXCUSE ME. DID THE AGENCY
EXPLAIN TO YOU
THAT THIS IS
JUST AN INTERVIEW?
LOOK, MR. SINGER,
WHAT SHALL WE DISCUSS?
CHILDREN.
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU HAD ANY EXPERIENCE
WITH CHILDREN.
YOU KNOW, I MET YOUR
LITTLE GIRL OUT THERE.
SHE'S GOT YOUR EYES.
DO YOU HAVE ANY REFERENCES?
DO YOU HAVE A RESUME
OR ANYTHING?
THANKS.
"PROFESSOR LOUISE GORDON.
FISK UNIVERSITY."
HOW LONG
WERE YOU WITH HER?
FOUR YEARS.
WHAT HAPPENED THEN?
I GRADUATED.
OH!
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY, MR. SINGER.
THAT'S O.K.
WELL, IF YOU HAD
SOME GLUE...
I'M REALLY GOOD
AT GLUING.
I COULD JUST GLUE IT.
I MEAN, I COULD JUST
SNAP THIS BACK TOGETHER.
NO. I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
THANKS FOR COMING BY.
MR. SINGER, I'M HAVING
A REALLY BAD DAY,
AND I'M SURE YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT'S LIKE.
I REALLY NEED THIS JOB.
THANKS FOR COMING BY.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW.
[HONK]
[HONK HONK]
WHERE IS MY MUSIC?
NOT IN
THE REFRIGERATOR,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
I FORGOT. YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
A MARKETING.
WE'RE GOING TO NEED...
WE'LL NEED, UM...
I NOTICED THERE'S
A LIST STARTED THERE.
YEAH.
YEAH, IT'S MY
WIFE'S WRITING.
I HAVEN'T
WANTED TO...
WELL, I'LL JUST
ADD ON FROM THERE.
O.K. THANKS.
YOU AND CORRINA
ARE GOING TO GO SHOPPING
FOR SOME BREAKFAST
AND PICK UP
SOME OTHER THINGS, O.K.?
O.K.
THE KEYS TO MY WIFE'S CAR
ARE ON THE DRESSER.
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO DRIVE?
I'M AN OLD PRO.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
♪IT'S FINGER ♪
♪POP, POPPIN' TIME ♪
♪FINGER POPPIN' ♪
♪POPPIN' TIME ♪
♪I FEEL SO GOOD ♪
♪WE'LL HAVE
A REAL GOOD TIME ♪
I WAS JUST
TESTING THE BRAKES.
YOU'LL BE GLAD
TO KNOW THEY'RE FINE.
I MADE A SLIGHT BOOBOO,
WHICH I HOPE YOU WON'T
TELL YOUR FATHER ABOUT.
YOU WON'T
BECAUSE YOU DON'T TALK.
YOU'RE THE SHORT,
SILENT TYPE, AREN'T YOU?
OH, HERE SHE COMES.
A HIP-HAP-HOPPY
GOOD MORNING TO YOU.
WELCOME TO TERRY'S DINER.
SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
[HONK HONK]
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE!
SO, WHAT'LL IT BE
FOR STARTERS?
I NEED A CUP
OF YOUR STRONGEST COFFEE.
WOULD YOU LIKE
A HOT COCOA?
PECAN WAFFLES?
WHAT ABOUT
THE SLIM STARTER?
LADIES,
I AIN'T GOT ALL DAY.
WILMA, WHERE'S YOUR BOSS?
HE'S INSIDE.
WHY DON'T YOU
SLIP INTO THE BACKSEAT.
I GOT TO TALK
TO MY FRIEND HERE.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GOING THROUGH.
I USED TO DO THIS.
O.K. JUST A MINUTE.
SHE'S COMING OVER
THE SIDE.
[GROANING]
YOU IN?
OH, YES.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
MOLLY, I UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU DON'T WANT
TO TALK.
I KNOW YOU HAVE
YOUR REASONS.
BUT WE HAVE TO
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO COMMUNICATE,
SO IF I ASK YOU
SOMETHING
AND THE ANSWER
IS YES,
PAT YOUR NOSE
LIKE THAT.
THEN I'LL KNOW.
IF THE ANSWER IS NO,
DON'T DO ANYTHING.
DO YOU WANT TO HAVE
THE PECAN WAFFLES
WITH LOTS AND LOTS
OF SYRUP AND BUTTER?
ALL RIGHT. THAT'S GOOD,
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
WOULD YOU RATHER HAVE
THE SLIM STARTER
WITH COTTAGE CHEESE,
THE HARD-BOILED EGG,
AND THE TOMATO?
HONEY, IF IT'S
A CHOICE BETWEEN
THOSE PECAN WAFFLES
AND THAT STUPID EGG,
FOR GOD SAKES, PAT
YOUR LITTLE NOSE.
GOOD TRY, WILMA.
AH! SHE DID IT!
SHE DID IT!
O.K.
MR. POTATO HEAD.
♪MR. POTATO HEAD ♪
♪
MISTER...
POTATO HEAD...
♪WAS ALONE
IN HIS BED ♪
I LOVE IT.
MR. POTATO HEAD,
THE UNTOLD STORY.
SID, I HAVE
A GREAT OPENING HERE.
I TRIED, UH...
MANNY.
I'M WITH YOU. COME ON.
I KNOW
HOW HARD IT'S BEEN.
WE'RE IN THIS
TOGETHER, O.K.?
I APPRECIATE THAT.
THANKS.
ABSOLUTELY.
IMAGINE HOW HARD
THINGS WOULD BE
IF THE JOB GOT SHAKY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
DID SOMEONE
SAY SOMETHING?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
ONCE.
MAYBE A COUPLE TIMES.
IT'S ALWAYS SAID
VERY AFFECTIONATELY,
AT LEAST TO ME.
I SAY THE OLD MANNY SINGER'S
GOING TO BE BACK.
THEY SAY WHEN?
AND I SAY ANY DAY NOW.
THEY SAY GREAT.
IT'LL BE YOUR JOB, TOO.
IT'S ALL
VERY POSITIVE FEEDBACK.
♪SUNGLASSES ♪
♪YEAH, WE BOUGHT
SOME SUNGLASSES ♪
♪'CAUSE SUNGLASSES ♪
♪PROTECT OUR EYES
FROM THE SUN ♪
YOU LOOK GOOD.
♪SUNGLASSES ♪
ANYBODY WANT SOME MORE?
ANYBODY WANT ANY?
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S GOOD.
JUST
A LITTLE MORE SPICE
THAN WE'RE USED TO.
OH.
IT WAS JUST
TO BRING OUT THE FLAVOR.
IT'S GOOD.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW,
A LITTLE...
SPICY. YEAH.
♪YA-DA DA DA DA DA ♪
♪YOU CAN MAKE HIM FUNNY ♪
♪OR YOU CAN MAKE HIM
SUNNY ♪
♪HE'S MR. POTATO HEAD ♪
♪OH, YES,
IT'S TRUE HE'S LUMPY ♪
♪O.K., HE'S KIND OF DUMPY ♪
♪HE'S NOT A FRENCH FRY ♪
♪HE'S THE POTATO TO BUY ♪
DID YOU LIKE IT?
YOU THINK MY BOSS
IS GOING TO LIKE IT?
MAYBE THE IAMBIC
PENTAMETER'S OFF
JUST A BIT.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
♪YES, IT'S TRUE
HE'S LUMPY ♪
♪O.K., HE'S
KIND OF DUMPY ♪
NOW, YOU THOUGHT
THAT WAS CLUNKY, DIDN'T YOU?
JUST KNEW WE WERE IN SYNC.
IAMBIC PENTAMETER.
WHERE
DO YOU WANT IT?
SORRY. I THINK YOU HAVE
THE WRONG ADDRESS.
WHY DON'T I JUST
TALK TO MRS. SINGER.
SHE'S, UM...
SHE'S IN THE BATHTUB
RIGHT NOW.
YEAH.
[SWISHING SOUNDS]
I BET IF
YOU'RE ON THE INSIDE
OF A MARACA,
THAT'S WHAT
IT WOULD SOUND LIKE.
WOW.
♪DUM DUM DUM,
DUM DUM DUM ♪
OOH-HOO! OOH-HOO!
EXCUSE ME,
BUT I'M TICKLISH.
OOH-HOO. HA HA HA!
STOP THAT!
OH, STOP IT!
STOP IT!
OH, WAIT.
[PUFF]
I HATE TO IMPOSE...
BUT COULD YOU GIVE ME
A LITTLE HELP?
I CAN'T DO THIS LAST ONE
ON MY OWN.
[SLOW PUFF]
AH! YOU KNOW, THE FIRST
TIME I SAW YOU,
I KNEW YOU HAD
THIS MAGIC.
HERE'S ANOTHER ONE.
GIVE ME A HAND.
[PUFF]
WELL DONE.
I THINK YOUR DAD'S
REALLY GOING TO LIKE
THIS PRESENT YOU PICKED OUT.
WE HAVE TO EMPHASIZE
THAT YOU PICKED IT OUT
YOURSELF.
HEY, MOLLY,
IT'S TIME TO EAT.
COME ON,
AND BRING LOIS.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE
QUEEN FOR A DAY?
WHAT DO YOU LISTEN
TO THIS GARBAGE FOR?
WHY ARE YOU WATCHING THIS?
QUEEN FOR A DAY.
I KNEW A GUY
IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD
WANTED TO BE
QUEEN FOR A DAY.
YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
HER HUSBAND WAS KILLED
IN THE AIR FORCE.
SHE HAS THREE CHILDREN.
SHE'D LIKE A TRAINED DOG.
MY HUSBAND'S
GONE, TOO.
THAT DOESN'T MAKE ME
A QUEEN, DOES IT?
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE'VE HEARD FROM
ALL OF OUR CONTESTANTS.
IS IT GOING TO BE LOIS?
NUMBER FIVE!
QUEEN FOR A DAY!
YES! YES, LOIS!
QUEEN LOIS!
♪BOOM CHICKA BOOM
CHICKA BOOM--HA! ♪
ALL I ASKED FOR WAS A DOG,
AND LOOK WHAT I'M GETTING.
I WANT TO THANK
EVERYONE OUT THERE,
EVERYONE WHO MADE
THIS POSSIBLE--
PBBBLT.
OH, LOIS!
LOIS!
LOIS MADE A SISSY
ON THE COUCH.
[SOUND FROM
MOVIE PROJECTOR]
YOU KNOW WHAT
I THINK, MOLLY?
I THINK YOUR MOM'S
LOOKING DOWN AT YOU
FROM HEAVEN RIGHT NOW.
AND IF YOU LOOK
REALLY CLOSELY,
I'LL BET YOU'LL
SEE SHE'S WAVING.
CORRINA...
UM, I REALLY APPRECIATE
EVERYTHING THAT YOU'RE
DOING HERE,
AND WHATEVER YOU
BELIEVE IN IS FINE.
O.K., YOUR HEAVEN
IS FINE FOR YOU.
MOLLY'S MOTHER WAS
AN ATHEIST AND SO AM I.
I DON'T WANT YOU TELLING
HER SHE'S SOMEWHERE
SHE ISN'T, O.K.?
YES, MR. SINGER.
I'LL JUST CONTINUE TO
TELL MOLLY HER MOTHER'S
IN THE BATHTUB.
DID YOU EVER UNDRESS
IN FRONT OF A DOG?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
HEY,
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
SWEETIE?
CAN'T SLEEP?
DID YOU
HAVE A BAD DREAM?
OHH.
YOU O.K.?
HOW ABOUT I BREAK OUT
SOME GRAHAM CRACKERS,
AND WE'LL SIT AND WATCH
THE LATE-LATE SHOW,
O.K.,
TILL YOU FALL ASLEEP,
O.K.?
DON'T HIT YOUR NOSE.
I'LL GO GET THE STUFF.
[NEWSCASTER]
A RECENT REPORT
FROM THE SURGEON GENERAL
LINKS CIGARETTE SMOKING
TO LUNG CANCER.
STATISTICS SHOW THAT
1 OUT OF EVERY 10 MALE SMOKERS
WILL DIE FROM LUNG CANCER.
MEANWHILE,
IN WASHINGTON TODAY,
PRESIDENT EISENHOWER
ANNOUNCED THAT HE'LL...
HERE YOU GO, MOL.
...FACT FINDING TOUR
TO SOUTH AMERICA.
THE VICE PRESIDENT
WILL VISIT VENEZUELA,
ARGENTINA...
MOLLY, WHAT--WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
MOLLY, LOOK--
CIGARETTES
ARE FOR ADULTS.
I'LL GET YOU SOME
BUBBLEGUM CIGARETTES
TOMORROW.
M-MOLLY!
MOLLY, STOP IT!
NOW,
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
MOL--
I REALLY FEEL LIKE
I SHOULD STAY.
WELL, IT'S YOUR HOUSE.
I JUST REALLY
CAN'T BE LATE
FOR THIS MEETING. I--
THEN YOU BETTER GO.
GOODBYE, MOLLY.
YOU KNOW WHAT IT IS,
IT'S JUST THAT
MR. POTATO HEAD'S
IN FROM TRENTON.
I CAN'T BE LATE.
REALLY?  THE
MR. P?
THE ONE AND ONLY.
YOU BETTER GET
YOUR HEINIE GOING.
YEAH. I'M GONE.
BYE.
[MOLLY PLAYS SAME NOTES]
ALL RIGHT, WELL...
O.K.--
BYE.
BYE. THANKS.
[MOLLY PLAYS SAME NOTES
OVER AND OVER]
[CORRINA COMPLETES
MUSICAL PHRASE]
WELL...
YOU KNOW WHAT I
DISCOVERED ABOUT YOUR DAD?
HE LIKES TO EAT
COOKIES IN BED.
CAN YOU GET THAT
CORNER FOR ME?
JUST PULL IT DOWN,
RIGHT THERE,
THE WHITE ONE.
THANK YOU.
MALAMUTES OR WHATEVER
THEY CALL THOSE THINGS,
THEY LOOK LIKE
LITTLE HUMPS.
CORRINA...
THIS IS WHERE
MY MOMMY SLEEPS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOUR MOMMY
USED TO SLEEP HERE.
WHEN'S SHE COMING BACK?
YOU KNOW, MOLLY, I...
SHE'S NOT COMING HOME,
BECAUSE WHEN YOU DIE,
THE ANGELS TAKE YOU
UP TO HEAVEN.
WELL, THEN
I WANT TO DIE, TOO.
OH, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO.
NOW, DARLING, YOU
DON'T WANT TO DIE.
IT'S TOO SOON.
WAS I BAD?
NO. PEOPLE DON'T DIE
BECAUSE YOU'RE BAD.
THEY DIE BECAUSE
IT'S THEIR TIME.
LOTS OF THINGS HAPPEN,
BUT NO, YOU...
YOU WERE NOT BAD AT ALL.
YOU'RE WONDERFUL.
AND THINK
OF ALL THE PEOPLE
WHO ARE HERE NOW
WHO LOVE YOU.
THEY'D BE SO SAD
AND UPSET IF YOU WENT.
AND YOUR DADDY
LOVES YOU, AND HE
REALLY NEEDS YOU, TOO.
BUT MY DAD DOESN'T THINK
SHE'S IN HEAVEN.
WELL, MAYBE DEEP DOWN
INSIDE HE DOES,
AND HE'S JUST SO
JEALOUS OF THOSE ANGELS
WHO GET TO PLAY WITH
YOUR MOMMY EVERY DAY,
HE JUST--
HE JUST CAN'T BRING
HIMSELF TO SAY SO.
'CAUSE HE'S HURTING,
LIKE YOU'RE HURTING.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO
HURT FOR A LONG TIME.
EVERY DAY WILL GET
A LITTLE BIT BETTER,
BUT YOU'LL ALWAYS
MISS YOUR MOMMY,
AND THAT'S O.K.
YOU KNOW
THE OTHER THING?
HOW MANY OF
THE 31 FLAVORS
HAVE YOU TASTED?
CHOCOLATE AND VANILLA.
WELL, THAT'S MY POINT.
THAT IS MY POINT.
NO ONE
SHOULD GO ANYWHERE
UNTIL THEY'VE TRIED
MINT ON THE ROCKS
AND CHERRIES JUBILEE
AND BING BANG CHERRY.
SO MUCH FOR YOU TO DO.
MOLLY?
MOL?
I'M HOME!
LOOK, DADDY,
I MADE YOU
SOME PIG KNUCKLES.
MOLLY.
OHH,
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
I'M SO HAPPY.
HA HA HA HA.
HA HA HA.
MOLLY!
THINK SOMEONE'S
INVITING YOU
TO DINNER.
WELL,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
BUT MAYBE ANOTHER TIME.
NO, I'D LIKE YOU
TO JOIN US, TOO.
WELL, I--
HERE, HAVE A SEAT.
I GUESS I DON'T HAVE
MUCH OF A CHOICE.
THANK YOU.
OHH.
OH, HERE, HAVE, UH,
HAVE ONE OF MINE.
THANK YOU.
I'LL HAVE ONE
WITH YOU.
SO PRETTY.
IT'S ERIK SATIE,
A FRENCH COMPOSER.
YES, I KNOW. HE WAS
22 WHEN HE WROTE THIS.
CAN YOU IMAGINE
BEING SO POISED
AND HAVING SUCH BOLDNESS
IN A COMPOSITION
WHEN YOU'RE ONLY 22?
CAN CORRINA
SLEEP OVER TONIGHT?
NO.
SHE'S GOT TO GET HOME
TO HER HUSBAND.
NO, SHE DOESN'T.
HER HUSBAND'S GONE.
[TIMER DINGS]
I'LL GET IT.
NO, NO, I'LL GET IT.
YOU'RE OUR GUEST.
WHAT HAPPENED TO
MR. POTATO HEAD'S WIFE?
UM, OH, SHE'S AROUND.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
HERE SHE IS.
YOU WANT TO SPLIT THIS?
SURE?
NO, THANK YOU.
GO AHEAD.
IS TATER TOT
MR. POTATO HEAD'S SON?
THAT'S FUNNY, MOLLY.
WELL, YEAH,
HE'S THEIR FIRSTBORN.
THANK YOU.
WHOA!
OH, BOY!
I GOT IT.
BUTTERFINGERS.
CORRINA, DID YOUR HUSBAND
DIE LIKE MOMMY DID?
NO, BABY.
THOUGH IT IS
HARD TO TELL WITH OLD
EDWARD B. WASHINGTON.
HE SAID HE WAS GOING OUT
FOR CIGARETTES
AND NEVER CAME BACK--
[PLATE BREAKS]
OH, I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
THAT'S--THAT'S O.K.
I'LL GET IT.
NO, I'LL GET IT.
YOU JUST SIT.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
MR. SINGER--
HMM?
THANK YOU
FOR INVITING ME
TO DINNER.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
BUT I JUST MADE
ENOUGH FOR TWO,
AND I HAVE TO GO.
GOOD NIGHT.
[CRUNCH]
OHH!
NIGHT.
♪YOU CAN
MAKE HIM FUNNY ♪
MAKE HIM SUNNY ♪
♪HIS NAME IS
MR. POTATO HEAD ♪
[STOPS PLAYING]
THERE'S SOMETHING I
WANTED TO TELL YOU GUYS
THAT I THOUGHT YOU'D
GET A BIG KICK OUT OF.
UH...
THE OTHER DAY,
MY 7-YEAR-OLD ASKS--
YOU'RE GOING
TO LOVE THIS--
WE ALL LOVE KIDS.
HA HA HA HA.
UH, SHE ASKED ME,
IS--IS TATER TOTS
MR. POTATO HEAD'S SON?
HA HA HA.
ILLEGITIMATE.
HA HA.
MY WIFE WOULD
HAVE LOVED THAT,
UM, THE WAY KIDS'
MINDS WORK.
THAT'S THE KIND
OF THING WE'D
TALK ABOUT FOR HOURS...
LAUGHING.
SHE HAD
THIS GREAT LAUGH.
HEY.
SID, I'M SORRY.
STOP IT. STOP IT.
THEY COULD SEE
WHERE YOU WERE
GOING WITH IT.
I HAD
A SMALL STROKE.
YOU DID?
THAT'S NOT WHY I'M HERE.
SUNDAY--SHIRL AND
THE BOSS' NEW SQUEEZE
ARE THROWING A PARTY.
I CAN'T SUNDAY.
I HAVE MOLLY.
SHE'LL UNDERSTAND.
GET A SITTER, O.K.?
SUNDAY, GET A SITTER.
WORK, WORK, WORK.
TALK, TALK, TALK.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
WE'RE HERE FOR.
COME ON, MANNY.
THANK YOU.
DON'T THANK ME.
I'M SELFISH.
I MISS YOU.
♪SOMEWHERE ♪
♪OVER ♪
♪THE RAINBOW ♪
♪SKIES ♪
♪ARE BLUE ♪
♪AND THE ♪
♪DREAMS
THAT YOU DARE ♪
♪TO DREAM ♪
♪REALLY DO COME TRUE ♪
♪SOMEDAY I'LL WISH ♪
♪UPON A STAR ♪
♪AND WAKE UP WHERE
THE CLOUDS ARE FAR ♪
♪BEHIND ME ♪
♪WHERE ♪
♪TROUBLES MELT
LIKE LEMON DROPS ♪
♪AWAY ABOVE
THE CHIMNEY TOPS ♪
♪THAT'S WHERE ♪
♪YOU WILL ♪
♪FIND ♪
♪ME, YEAH ♪
[CHILD]
♪SOMEWHERE
OVER THE RAINBOW ♪
MAMA, PERCY
THREW HIS BOLOGNA
ON THE FLOOR.
I DIDN'T THROW IT,
IT FELL.
PERCY,
HOLD YOUR SANDWICH
WITH TWO HANDS.
THAT DOG GETS MORE
BOLOGNA THAN WE DO.
AT CHOIR PRACTICE
TODAY,
CARL JOHNSON
LAUGHED AT ME
WHEN I WAS SINGING.
SAID I HAD
A DOUBLE CHIN,
LOOKED FAT.
YOU AIN'T FAT.
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
GO A LITTLE EASY
ON THAT POTATO SALAD.
DING DING.
WAIT. HELLO?
UH...
I DON'T KNOW.
IS PERCY HERE?
RIGHT HERE.
YES? HOLD ON, PLEASE.
IT'S FOR YOU.
OH, YES, MY LOVELY.
I WILL TWIST AROUND--
SIT DOWN.
AND I WILL--
[WHISPERING]
I'M ON THE PHONE.
I KNOW, BUT
I WANT YOU TO SIT
WHILE YOU'RE
ON THE PHONE.
YOU TALKED TO
CHARLIE TODAY?
YEAH, 10 MORE
PAID OFF, LAID OFF.
I'LL GET
SOME NEW SHIFTS.
SOMEBODY WILL
HAVE TO WATCH PERCY.
I'LL CALL MRS. HOPKINS AND
CLEAN SOME FANCY HOUSES.
HEY, B-B-B-BABY,
THAT'S--THAT'S ENOUGH.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
EAT, ENJOY.
IT'S SUNDAY.
YOU NEED
SOME FATTENING UP.
HOW ABOUT
SOME GUACAMOLE?
I MADE IT.
IT'S DELICIOUS.
LOOK, TWO OF
MY FAVORITE PEOPLE.
JENNY DAVIS,
MANNY SINGER.
MANNY SINGER,
JENNY DAVIS.
HOW DO YOU DO?
[DOORBELL RINGS]
OH, THERE'S
THE DOORBELL.
AND WHERE'S SID,
YOU ASKED? SIDNEY?
CORRINA, LOOK WHO'S
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
HEY.
HI-HO, EVERYBODY.
FRANK, HOW YOU DOING?
GOOD.
GOOD, GOOD, GOOD.
CORRINA,
I WAS THINKING...
DID YOU DO SOMETHING
DIFFERENT WITH YOUR HAIR?
NO.
I KNEW IT. I KNEW IT.
AND IT LOOKS
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL.
I DON'T
THINK I'VE EVER HAD
SUCH GOOD GUACAMOLE.
REALLY? WELL, YOU
HAVEN'T TASTED MINE.
♪BABALOO ♪
♪LOO LOO LOO ♪
HALFTIME.
NAP TIME.
NO MORE NOISE
FROM YOU, PERCY.
YOU'RE NOT MY MAMA.
YOU CAN'T TELL ME
WHAT TO DO.
[HISSES]
GOOD NIGHT.
COME ON UP, PERCY.
AIN'T YOU LONELY THERE?
YUCK! I DON'T WANT
TO SLEEP WITH NO GIRLS.
NOW, LOOK,
THIS IS NICE, HUH?
THAT'S CUTE.
YOU CAN'T FIT IN THAT.
I CAN FIT IN THAT.
HAVE YOU SEEN WHAT'S
BEHIND YOU RECENTLY?
LET ME TURN TO
THE MATERNITY PAGE.
MATERNITY?
COME ON, NOW.
THIS ABOUT
WHERE YOU ARE.
YOU DONE
HAD THREE KIDS.
IF YOU'D KEPT THAT
NICKEL BETWEEN YOUR
KNEES LIKE MAMA SAID,
YOU'D FIT IN
THAT TINY OUTFIT.
YOU TALK MORE STUFF.
I KNOW I DO.
LISTEN, CORRINA--
WHAT?
MORE IMPORTANTLY,
WHY YOU GIVING ANTHONY
SUCH A HARD TIME?
OH, PLEASE.
ANTHONY. ANTHONY.
THAT'S WHO
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
WHY?
BECAUSE, IN THE WORDS
OF GERTRUDE STEIN, GIRL,
"THERE IS
NO THERE, THERE."
OH. AND YOU THINK
THERE IS IN THERE?
WHAT?
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOUR
FRIEND GERTRUDE SAYS,
THERE'S MORE WITH ANTHONY
THAN THERE'S EVER
GOING TO BE IN THERE.
SO THERE.
SHE'S DIVORCED,
FEELS THE SAME WAY
YOU DO.
SID, IT'S TOO SOON.
TO TALK TO A WOMAN?
SHE NEEDS A RIDE HOME.
SHIRL AND I THOUGHT--
IS THIS HIGH SCHOOL?
SID, PLEASE.
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.
I'M YOUR FRIEND--
YOU DON'T.
YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW I FEEL.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU FEEL, ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU FEEL AT ALL.
BUT THE GUYS AT WORK
HAVE AN IDEA
HOW YOU FEEL.
THEY'VE GOT
PROBLEMS OF THEIR OWN.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS,
YOU NEED SOMEONE
TO TALK TO.
YOU HAVE ME,
BUT FRANKLY, I'M
NOT THAT FOND OF YOU.
AND--AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
OUT OF THE BLUE,
MOLLY SAYS, UM,
"IS TATER TOTS
MR. POTATO HEAD'S SON?"
HA HA!
MANNY!
OH, THAT IS WHAT
IS CALLED ADORABLE.
HA HA HA.
OH, KIDS, HUH?
YEAH. JUST THE WAY
THEY WORK. THEY'RE--
WHERE YOU ON THE NIGHT
OF APRIL 31st?
HOW MUCH MONEY
DO YOU MAKE?
ARE YOU JUST INTERESTED
IN YOU-KNOW-WHAT?
LEWIS!
OH, GOSH.
WELL, AS VOLTAIRE SAYS...
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
AND THESE ARE MY BOYS.
MANNY,
THIS IS MY SON LEWIS.
HI, LEWIS.
AND THIS IS HOWARD.
HI, HOWARD.
HI, MANNY.
HOW ARE YOU FELLAS?
IF MOLLY IS LOOKING
FOR SOME PLAYMATES,
GIVE ME A CALL.
O.K.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
LEAVE THE BRIEFCASE.
[DOOR CLOSES]
BYE.
♪OVER MY HEAD ♪
♪I HEAR MUSIC ♪
♪OVER MY RAINBOW ♪
♪I CAN HEAR MUSIC ♪
♪MUSIC-- ♪
HI, DADDY.
CATCH ME.
YOU LOOK JUST LIKE
MOMMY WHEN YOU SMILE.
CAN WE PLAY LIKE
WE DID WITH MOMMY
AND FLY TO KALAMAZOO?
DADDY,
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY
"MAKE SURE
YOU GET TICKETS
FOR THREE, NOT TWO."
UM, DADDY CAN'T FLY
RIGHT NOW.
I'VE HAD
A REALLY HARD DAY.
YOU JUST GET READY
FOR SLEEP.
HEY, DADDY-O.
EVERY CAT TALKS
TO GOD IN HIS OWN WAY,
AND GOD
UNDERSTANDS CHINESE.
SO CORRINA SAYS
DON'T BE JEALOUS
OF THE ANGELS.
BO, DADDY, BO.
WHAT DID CORRINA SAY?
WELL,
CORRINA SAID YOU'RE
JEALOUS OF THE ANGELS.
WHY?
BECAUSE THEY GET TO
SPEND ALL THAT TIME
WITH MOMMY.
MOLLY,
LISTEN TO ME, O.K.?
HEAVEN...
THE ANGELS
AND ALL OF THAT...
IT'S JUST SOMETHING
THAT PEOPLE MAKE UP
SO THEY WON'T
FEEL SAD ANYMORE.
WELL, WHAT'S
WRONG WITH THAT?
WHAT COLOR EYES
DID MOMMY HAVE?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
LET'S TALK
ABOUT IT LATER.
NO, NOW.
IT'S TIME FOR BED.
WHAT'D SHE
SMELL LIKE?
MOLLY, I SAID WE'LL
TALK ABOUT IT LATER.
LIAR. YOU DON'T EVEN
REMEMBER HER ANYMORE.
OF COURSE I DO.
NO, YOU DON'T.
SHE'S DISAPPEARING.
SHE'S ALMOST ALL GONE.
[CLASS BELL RINGS]
NO! I DON'T WANT TO GO!
WHAT IS THE MATTER?
THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE AFRAID OF.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO COME BACK.
WHAT DID YOU
SAY TO ME?
YOU'RE NOT COMING BACK.
I'LL BE BACK AT 3:00.
YOU PROMISE?
OH, YEAH, I PROMISE.
NOW, COME ON.
MAYBE THEY
WON'T LIKE ME.
WON'T LIKE YOU?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
HAVE YOU LOOKED
IN THE MIRROR TODAY?
THAT'S THE MOST
LIKABLE FACE
IN AMERICA.
WE'RE GOING ABOUT
THIS THE WRONG WAY.
YOU HAVE TO THINK
TO YOURSELF,
"MY NAME
IS MOLLY SINGER,
AND THERE'S
NO ONE IN THE WORLD
BETTER THAN ME."
THAT'S WHAT YOU GOT
TO SAY TO YOURSELF.
TRY IT.
"I AM MOLLY SINGER,
AND THERE'S
NOBODY IN THE WORLD
BETTER THAN ME."
YEAH.
NOW, WALK
RIGHT IN THERE,
SAY THAT
AS YOU'RE WALKING.
GO AHEAD.
I AM MOLLY SINGER...
I AM MOLLY SINGER,
AND THERE'S NOBODY
IN THE WORLD
BETTER THAN ME.
I AM MOLLY SINGER,
AND THERE'S NOBODY
IN THE WORLD BETTER THAN ME.
CHIN UP! UP!
YOU'RE TOO YOUNG
TO HAVE TWO. UP!
GOOD FOR YOU.
PINKY. OH.
OH.
GOOD MORNING.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
OH, I'M SORRY, TOO.
WOULDN'T IT BE THE DAY
I NEED MY WINDOWS WASHED?
ALL OF THEM.
ALL OF THEM?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
MISS WARNER, YOU WANT
ALL THE WINDOWS DONE?
THIS IS THE DAY
I EXPECT THEM TO BE DONE.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
CRAZY WOMAN.
ALL THOSE WINDOWS.
SHE'S STANDING THERE,
WATCHING ME.
HE HAD HIS LUNCH ALREADY.
I'M SORRY. GO ON.
DON'T BE LATE.
FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! FIRE!
PERCY!
DON'T MOVE...
AT ALL.
O.K.?
WHO'S HOGGING
THE BLACK CRAYON?
YOU USED IT ALL UP.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
MY DAD HAS
A BIG BEARD.
HUH. YOU DIDN'T EVEN
DO IT RIGHT.
DID SO.
SHE DREW HER MAID,
NOT HER MOMMY.
WHAT A DODO HEAD.
[LAUGHTER]
I'M MOLLY SINGER,
AND THERE'S NOBODY
IN THE WORLD
BETTER THAN ME.
NOBODY STUPIDER
THAN YOU.
GIVE ME THAT CRAYON.
[BELL RINGS]
I THINK ED SULLIVAN
SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT
BECAUSE HE KNOWS LOTS OF
DIFFERENT KINDS OF PEOPLE
AND COULD HELP KEEP
WORLD PEACE
BECAUSE HE'S VERY GOOD
WITH RUSSIAN ACROBATS.
[DOOR OPENS]
CORRINA?
HONEY, I'M LATE.
I'M SORRY.
THEY COULDN'T BALANCE
THE CASH REGISTER.
BUT I'M NOT DONE.
I'LL HEAR THE REST
LATER.
♪CORRINA, CORRINA ♪
♪WHERE YOU BEEN SO LONG? ♪
♪I AM SO LONELY... ♪
SORRY I'M LATE.
I'LL NEVER
BE LATE AGAIN.
OOH, I WILL NEVER
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
AS I WAS COMING UP
THE STREET,
A BAND OF ELEPHANTS
STOPPED IN THE STREET,
AND I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO, SO--
ARE YOU STUCK ON ME
WITH ELMER'S GLUE?
I GUESS I'M JUST GOING
TO HAVE TO CARRY YOU.
[GIGGLING]
I CAN'T GET YOU OFF.
UH! UH! UH!
COME ON, KID.
♪CORRINA ♪
HI.
WHAT A DAY I'VE HAD.
WORKED MY TAIL OFF
AND FOR WHAT?
I'M STARVING.
WHERE ARE MY CIGARETTES?
I JUST PUT A CARTON
IN THERE THIS WEEK.
I DON'T SEE THEM.
I CAN'T EVEN OFFER YOU
ONE OF MINE
SINCE YOU'VE SMOKED
THEM, TOO.
WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?
IF YOU'RE GOING TO SMOKE
MY CIGARETTES, TELL ME.
ALL RIGHT.
GREAT.
MOMMY!
MOLLY?
MOLLY, WAKE UP.
WAKE UP.
SHE DIDN'T TURN AROUND.
WHO?
MOMMY--SHE WAS
ON THE HILL. I SAW HER,
AND SHE DIDN'T
TURN AROUND.
SHE JUST KEPT WALKING.
MOLLY, IF I'D BEEN THERE--
YOU WERE THERE.
YOU COULDN'T STOP HER.
WHY COULDN'T YOU?
SHE WALKED THROUGH YOU.
IT'S YOUR FAULT.
YOU NEVER TALKED
ABOUT HER.
YOU MADE HER DISAPPEAR.
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT
SHE'S GONE.
I HATE YOU!
MOLLY.
MOLLY, THAT'S ENOUGH.
IT'S O.K.
BUT I'M JUST SO...
I'M JUST SO...
YOU'RE JUST SO MAD.
YOU'RE JUST SO MAD,
AND YOU CAN BE MAD.
MOLLY, LISTEN.
I'M MAD, TOO.
I'M MAD AT MOMMY
FOR LEAVING US.
I WANT TO TALK TO MOMMY
EVERY DAY, AND I CAN'T.
I WANT TO BRING MOMMY
BACK TO YOU, AND I CAN'T.
I'M MAD BECAUSE
SHE DIDN'T EVEN
SAY GOODBYE.
I'M MAD ABOUT THAT, TOO,
MOLLY.
ME, TOO.
I'M MAD THAT SHE
MADE YOU MAD.
SHE SHOULD HAVE
SAID GOODBYE.
I'M REALLY MAD AT HER.
I'M JUST...SO...
MAD!
COME ON,
THIS IS ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN COME OVER HERE
AND BE MAD.
COME ON. BE MAD.
HIT IT.
YEAH, HIT IT AGAIN.
YEAH! HIT HIM AGAIN,
MOLLY.
HIT HIM, HIT HIM!
STUPID HEAD!
SOCK HIM AGAIN!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
REALLY MAD AT YOU!
I'M...
MAD...TOO!
[PIANO MUSIC PLAYS]
ISN'T THAT
PEACE, PIECE?
MM-HMM.
MY DAD ALWAYS
LISTENS TO IT.
I LOVE IT.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU LISTEN
TO BILL EVANS,
IT'S AS THOUGH
YOU HELD UP
A REALLY BEAUTIFULLY
CLEAR CRYSTAL
IN FRONT OF
A WARM LIGHT.
THAT'S LOVELY.
WHO WROTE THAT?
I DID.
YOU'RE SO...
INSIDE THE MUSIC.
THE WAY YOU PHRASE THINGS,
YOU COULD WRITE POETRY.
I DO.
I DID.
YOU KNOW, I'D LIKE
TO WRITE LINER NOTES
IN THE BACKS
OF THE ALBUMS.
AND I WANT TO HAVE
MY OWN COLUMN
IN  HIGH HAT
MAGAZINE.
"LISTENIN' UP"
WITH CORRINA WASHINGTON.
HA HA HA.
NOT THAT IT WOULD,
YOU KNOW,
TAKE AWAY MY JOY
AND LOVE
AT SCRUBBING WAX BUILDUP
FROM LINOLEUM FLOORS.
DID YOU EVER TRY?
WHAT, SCRUBBING
WAX BUILDUP?
NO, NO, NO.
LINER NOTES AND POETRY.
UH, BASICALLY,
THEY JUST LET US
PLAY THE MUSIC.
THEY DON'T LET US
WRITE ABOUT IT.
OOH.
THIS IS REALLY BAD.
I WOULDN'T SAY
IT'S REALLY BAD.
I WOULD.
YOU'VE GOT 30 SECONDS
TO NAME 5 SONGS.
NAME ALL 5 CORRECTLY,
AND YOU WIN $15,000.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY
I'VE WON SO FAR?
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
I'VE WON ABOUT
A HALF A BILLION.
HALF A BILLION?
I'M GOOD
AT THIS ONE.
WE'LL SEE HOW GOOD.
NAME THIS TUNE.
[MUSIC PLAYS]
TURKEY IN THE STRAW.
[BUZZER]
YOU KNOW THE NAME?
TURKEY IN THE STRAW.
I THINK I BEAT YOU
BY A HAIR.
TIE. 1-1.
TIE?
GO AHEAD.
SIDE WITH YOUR FATHER.
MOLLY'S THE JUDGE.
[MUSIC PLAYS]
SAILOR'S TURNPIKE.
SAILOR'S TURNPIKE?
2-2.
2-2? LISTEN.
SAILOR'S HORNPIPE.
AH!
I WONDER WHAT HAPPENED
TO THAT GUY'S HEAD.
SHE SMACKED HIM FOR GIVING
THE WRONG ANSWER AT HOME.
AHEM.
WHY YOU TIPPING IN HERE?
WHY YOU LURKING
ON THE COUCH?
YOU AWFULLY LATE.
LITTLE GIRL HAD
A NIGHTMARE.
THEY PAYING YOU OVERTIME?
JEVINA, IT WASN'T
THAT KIND OF NIGHT.
SISTER CHILD, YOU NEED TO
STOP KIDDING YOURSELF.
NOW YOU KNOW
THESE WHITE FOLKS
GOING TO PRETEND YOU'RE
PART OF THEIR FAMILY
SO THEY CAN WORK YOU
AND NOT PAY YOU
FOR YOUR TIME.
CORRINA, YOU'RE
WORKING TOO HARD
TO BE GIVING IT AWAY
FOR FREE.
GIVING WHAT AWAY
FOR FREE, JEVINA?
MY LETTER COME TODAY?
NOPE,
NOT TODAY.
THANK YOU
AND GOOD NIGHT.
THE FIRST FEW WEEKS
ARE ALWAYS HARD
FOR EVERYONE.
COME ON.
OH, NOW YOU'RE NOT EVEN
GOING TO TALK TO ME?
IT'S JUST NOT THAT BAD.
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME
GO TO SCHOOL. I CAN'T!
O.K.
ALL RIGHT, DON'T CRY.
DON'T CRY.
COME ON.
THANK YOU, CORRINA.
SAY GOODBYE, SOPHIA.
GOODBYE.
[ARF]
PSST.
WOW.
WELL, IT'S JUST
A LIGHT FEVER.
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE READY
TO COME BACK TOMORROW.
IF YOU'D JUST LET
MRS. RODGERS KNOW.
YES.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THANK YOU.
BYE-BYE.
ALL RIGHT, YOU.
YOU GET ONE DAY,
AND THAT'S IT.
GOT IT?
GOT IT.
ISN'T IT FUN TO
MAKE THINGS SHINY?
I THINK THE THRILL
FOR ME IS GONE.
AFTER LUNCH,
CAN WE GO SWIMMING
IN THE PARK?
THAT'S NOT A PARK.
THAT'S THEIR BACKYARD,
AND NO, WE CAN'T,
BECAUSE WE HAVE WAY
TOO MUCH WORK TO DO.
OH, COME ON. PLEASE?
NO.
PLEASE?
NO, WE SIMPLY CAN'T,
MY DEAR.
WE SIMPLY CAN'T.
♪EVERY TIME ♪
♪IT RAINS, IT RAINS ♪
♪PENNIES FROM HEAVEN ♪
BRING OUT MORE.
♪DON'T YOU KNOW
EACH CLOUD CONTAINS ♪
FEEL IT, GIRL.
♪PENNIES FROM HEAVEN ♪
OH, I FEEL ESTHER WILLIAMS
COMING ON.
♪DA-DA-DA DA-DA
DA DA DA ♪
MAY I HAVE THIS DANCE?
♪DA-DA-DA DA-DA ♪
♪OH, EVERY TIME ♪
♪IT RAINS, IT RAINS ♪
♪PENNIES FROM HEAVEN ♪
♪DON'T YOU KNOW
EACH CLOUD CONTAINS ♪
FEEL IT, GIRL.
♪PENNIES FROM HEAVEN ♪
VERY NICE.
♪YOU'LL FIND
YOUR FORTUNE FALLIN' ♪
♪ALL OVER TOWN ♪
♪BE SURE ♪
♪THAT YOUR UMBRELLA ♪
♪IS UPSIDE DOWN... ♪
PUDDING. WOODING.
TOODING.
THE PROBLEM IS
PUDDING DOESN'T RHYME
WITH ANYTHING.
IT'S LIKE KNOCKWURST.
PLEASE, JUST RHYME
WITH JELL-O.
I'M NOT HELPING?
NO. JELL-O.
FELLOW.
FOR HE'S A JOLLY
GOOD JELL-O.
ARMADILLO.
ARMAJELL-O.
HUNKS OF JELL-O THAT
RUN ACROSS THE ROAD.
UHH.
OHH.
JUST--OH, VERY
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
VERY ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
YES. AND LITTLE
EYEBROWS RIGHT HERE.
WILL I HAVE CHI-CHIS
LIKE YOURS SOMEDAY?
WHY DO YOU CALL THEM
CHI-CHIS?
WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
MY DADDY CALLS THEM THAT.
HE CALLS THEM CHI-CHIS?
I'VE HEARD THEM CALLED
A LOT OF THINGS--
HOOTERS, TA-TAS,
BUT NEVER CHI-CHIS.
[MUFFLED TALKING]
ANYBODY HOME?
OH, OH, YOU'RE IN THERE.
MOLLY, I WAS THINKING IT'S
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT OUT,
WHY DON'T YOU AND I
COOK DINNER
FOR CORRINA TONIGHT?
[LOUIS ARMSTRONG SINGING]
♪OH, YOU GO TO MY HEAD ♪
♪AND YOU LINGER LIKE
A HAUNTING REFRAIN ♪
♪AND I FIND YOU
SPINNIN' AROUND ♪
♪IN MY BRAIN ♪
IT'S MY FAVORITE SONG.
♪LIKE A BUBBLE, YEAH... ♪
MINE, TOO.
YOU KNOW, BILLIE DOES
A BETTER VERSION OF IT.
[DEEPLY]
NO ONE'S BETTER
THAN LOUIS.
NICE HAT.
NOW LISTEN TO THIS.
HE WRITES, "BASICALLY,
LOUIS NEEDS
NOBODY BUT LOUIS.
"HE COULD STAND
ALL ALONE IN THE SAHARA
"SINGING SELECTED
EXCERPTS
"FROM THE TUNIS
TELEPHONE DIRECTORY,
"AND WE SUSPECT
THAT HE COULD MAKE IT
FOR A WEEK
WITHOUT FOOD AND WATER."
WHO WRITES THIS GARBAGE?
SOMEBODY NAMED BOB,
OBVIOUSLY.
I DON'T WANT YOU
FILLING UP
ON POTATO CHIPS.
I KNOW YOU WANT THAT
FUDGE SUNDAE LATER.
PLEASE FINISH YOUR MILK.
BUT I HATE MILK.
LISTEN TO YOUR MOTHER.
SOMEBODY ONCE WROTE
THAT WRITING ABOUT JAZZ
IS LIKE DANCING
ABOUT ARCHITECTURE.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
I COULDN'T WRITE
SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
THIS--WHO COULD
WRITE LIKE THIS?
PUDDING.
PUDDING. PUDDING.
O.K.
♪MILK MAKES PUDDING ♪
♪PUDDING IS GOODING ♪
YOU SOUND LIKE
A DOORBELL.
♪PUD-DING,
PUD-DING ♪
OH, HAVE YOU EVER
HAD A BLOCK?
YEAH.
ALL MY LIFE.
SHE HAS A VERY
KIND FACE.
SHE WAS...
KIND.
SHE HAD A REAL SWEETNESS
ABOUT HER.
DIDN'T HAVE MUCH OF
A SENSE OF HUMOR.
BUT SHE LOVED TO LAUGH.
WHAT ABOUT EDWARD B.?
OH.
EDWARD B.
HE WAS NOT KIND,
BUT HE DID HAVE
A GOOD SENSE OF HUMOR.
SOMETIMES
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH.
YOU KNOW, I COULD
REALLY USE A...
ME, TOO.
♪YOU SAY YOU DON'T
HAVE TIME TO COOK ♪
♪COME OVER HERE
AND TAKE A LOOK ♪
AT... BUM, MMM.
RIGHT. RIGHT.
SEE, AND I DON'T HAVE
THE MIDDLE HERE.
I CAN'T GET IT.
THEN I HAVE TO END IT
WITH PUDDING.
♪YOU SAY YOU DON'T
HAVE TIME TO COOK ♪
♪COME OVER HERE
AND TAKE A LOOK ♪
IT'S SMOOTH, IT'S...
FFFF-AST.
♪IT'S SMOOTH ♪
♪IT'S...COOL ♪
♪IT ♪
♪BREAKS THE RULES ♪
REALLY?
♪BA DUM ♪
♪PUDDING ♪
SEE? I'M STUCK
ON THIS...
♪PUDDIN' ♪
SEE? IT'S THIS
PUDDING.
THIS--THIS PUDDING,
LIKE THE DOORBELL.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S A DOORBELL.
YOU--YOU DID IT.
YOU JUST FIXED
YOUR PROBLEM.
YOU TOOK THE "G"
OFF THE END OF PUDDING.
WHO SAYS YOU SHOULDN'T
HAVE INSTANT PUDDIN'?
OH!
♪WHO SAYS YOU
SHOULDN'T ♪
♪HAVE
INSTANT PUDDIN'? ♪
♪BA-DUM BUM
BA-DUM BUM ♪
GOOD.
CORRINA.
♪BY THE LIGHT ♪
♪BY THE LIGHT,
BY THE LIGHT ♪
♪OF THE SILVERY MOON ♪
♪OF THE MOON,
OF THE MOON ♪
♪I WANT TO SPOON ♪
GOOD BOYS.
♪TO MY HONEY
I'LL CROON ♪
♪LOVE'S TUNE ♪
SING, MOLLY.
♪HONEYMOON ♪
♪KEEP A-SHINING
IN JUNE ♪
♪YOUR SILVERY BEAMS
WILL BRING LOVE'S DREAMS ♪
♪WE'LL BE CUDDLING SOON ♪
♪BY THE SILVERY MOON ♪
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
NOW MAKE A WISH.
MAKE A WISH.
BIG WISH.
OH, YAY!
GOT ALL OF THEM.
HEY, LOOK-IT, MOLLY.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
WHAT IS THAT?
HULA-HOOPS.
HULA-HOOP?
[MANNY]
THERE YOU GO.
OH, YOU GOT TO GET
SOME OOMPH INTO IT.
[CORRINA]
I'M A HOOPER
FROM WAY BACK.
YES. YES.
AH, NO, NO.
WAIT. I HAVE
TO SHOW HER,
'CAUSE IT DON'T
MEAN A THING
IF YOU AIN'T GOT
THAT SWING.
♪MMM, IT DON'T
MEAN A THING ♪
♪IF YOU AIN'T
GOT THAT SWING ♪
OH, HEY! HA HA!
♪IT DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
♪ALL YOU'VE GOT TO DO
IS SING ♪
♪IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE
IF IT'S SWEET OR HOT ♪
♪JUST KEEP THAT RHYTHM,
GIVE IT EVERYTHING YOU GOT ♪
♪IT DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
♪IF IT AIN'T GOT
THAT SWING ♪
COME, COME.
COME, MOLLINCHKA.
YOU'RE THE BIRTHDAY GIRL.
YOU GET TO CHOOSE WHEREVER
YOU WANT TO GO.
CAN CORRINA COME, TOO?
OH, NO, NO.
CORRINA'S WORKED
A LONG DAY.
I'M SURE SHE WANTS
TO GO HOME.
MOLLINCHKA,
PICK YOUR FAVORITE PLACE
IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
I DON'T KNOW
IF I LIKE THIS
VERY MUCH.
PSST, PSST, PSST.
AH.
SHE SHOULD HAVE
CLEANED THIS UP
BEFORE WE GOT HERE.
THAT'S A NOVEL IDEA.
OH, MY.
WELL, LET'S GET STARTED.
WELL, ALL RIGHT.
♪UH OH OH OHH ♪
♪OH OH UH OHH ♪
♪WELL, SHE'S SO FINE,
FINE, FINE ♪
♪SHE'S SO FINE,
F-F-FINE ♪
♪SHE'S SO
FI-YI-YI-YI-YINE ♪
♪SHE'S SO FINE,
FINE, FINE ♪
♪SHE'S A-REALLY SWEET ♪
♪THE FINEST GIRL
YOU EVER WANT TO MEET ♪
♪UH OH OH OHH ♪
♪OH OH UH OHH ♪
♪PR-R-R-R-RETTY ♪
♪THE FINEST GIRL
YOU EVER WANT TO MEET ♪
♪PR-R-R-R-RETTY ♪
♪THE FINEST GIRL
YOU EVER WANT TO MEET ♪
WE DESERVE A BREAK.
MOLLY, I HOPE THAT LADY
HAS MORE PARTIES.
THESE ARE SOME LEFTOVERS.
YUCK! A CREAM ONE.
I HATE CREAM ONES.
GIVE IT HERE, PERCY.
I DON'T MIND CREAM ONES.
YUCK. COCONUT.
I HATE COCONUT.
GIVE IT HERE, PERCY.
I DON'T MIND COCONUT.
YOU DON'T MIND
NOTHIN', GIRL.
[MUSIC PLAYS]
LOOK!
BUCKWHEAT--AND HE'S
WEARIN' DIAMONDS.
.OH, YES, INDEED.
HE'S RICH, TOO,
.AND MAKES HUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS.
[MUSIC PLAYS]
MOLLY, I KNOW
YOU'RE PRETENDING
YOU CAN'T HEAR ME,
BUT YOU'RE GOING
BACK TO SCHOOL TOMORROW,
AND THAT'S THAT.
♪YOU SAY YOU DON'T
HAVE TIME TO COOK ♪
♪COME OVER HERE
AND TAKE A LOOK ♪
♪IT'S SMOOTH, IT'S COOL,
IT BREAKS THE RULES ♪
♪CHOCOLATE, CHERRY,
SWEET STRAWBERRY ♪
♪WHO SAYS YOU COULDN'T ♪
♪HAVE INSTANT PUDDIN' ♪
♪FROM J-E-L-L-O? ♪
MOLLY?
IT'S O.K.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
HAD TO STOP OFF
AND GET SOMETHING
FOR YOU.
UM...I HAD A GOOD
DAY AT WORK,
A REAL GOOD DAY,
AND I HAVE YOU
TO THANK FOR IT.
SO...
I'M SURE YOU
COULD WRITE
BETTER LINER NOTES.
I WAS THINKING,
WHY DON'T I TAKE US
ALL OUT FOR DINNER,
CELEBRATE?
HOW WAS SCHOOL TODAY,
MOL?
HARD WORK.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
I WON
THE SPELLING BEE.
YOU DID?
WELL,
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE ALL GO ON OUT?
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
MOLLY WON
THE SPELLING BEE.
I HEARD THAT.
WHAT WAS THE WORD?
VACUUM.
WHY DON'T WE
VACUUM OURSELVES
INTO THE CAR
AND GET
SOME DINNER,
BECAUSE
I'M STARVING.
VACUUM.
THAT'S A HARD WORD.
HOW DO YOU SPELL IT?
H-O-O...
V-E-R.
HOOVER.
SHE'S SO CUTE.
FOR MOLLY SINGER.
♪YA DA DA DA ♪
OOH!
A MAJOR ROMANCE
IS HEADED YOUR WAY,
YOUNG LADY.
NO. THAT ONE'S
YOURS, DADDY.
OOH.
AN ANGEL
JUST FLEW OVER.
WHERE?
YOU CAN'T SEE HIM,
BUT WHENEVER PEOPLE
GET REALLY QUIET
AT THE SAME TIME
AT A TABLE,
AN ANGEL'S
FLYING OVER.
WHICH REMINDS ME.
I THINK I'M GOING TO
GO PAY MY WATER BILL.
EXCUSE ME.
HEY, MA'AM,
MY WIFE SPILLED TEA
ALL OVER THE TABLE.
HEY!
HEY, WHAT'S
THE MATTER WITH YOU?
YOU DON'T GRAB
SOMEBODY LIKE THAT.
DOES SHE LOOK LIKE
A WAITRESS?
I DON'T CARE
WHOSE WAITRESS
SHE IS!
SAW HIM COME IN
WITH HIS KID.
LOOK AT THAT.
ANOTHER NIGGER LOVER.
SIT DOWN
AND CLEAN IT YOURSELF.
CHECK, PLEASE.
HERE NOW IS ONE OF THE MOST
OUTSTANDING VOCAL GROUPS
IN THE COUNTRY TODAY...
HI.
GIRL, WHEN YOU
GOING TO WAKE UP
AND SMELL THE COFFEE?
DON'T YOU
HAVE ANYTHING
BETTER TO DO?
LONELY MAN.
LOST HIS WIFE.
LEFT WITH
THAT POOR LITTLE GIRL.
NOW, HONEY, I SEEN THIS
COMING A MILE AWAY.
I DON'T NEED
A MOTHER.
WHAT YOU NEED
IS THAT NICE TALL
DRINK OF WATER
ACROSS THE STREET,
BABY.
WHAT'S WRONG,
PROFESSOR WASHINGTON?
YOUR OWN KIND
AIN'T GOOD ENOUGH
FOR YOU?
AND I THOUGHT WE SAID
YOU WEREN'T GOING TO
BUY NO MORE ALBUMS
FOR A WHILE.
I DIDN'T.
OH! HE BUYING YOU
PRESENTS NOW?
YOU KNOW, CORRINA,
YOU MAY HAVE YOUR
FANCY EDUCATION,
AND YOU GOT
THESE FANCY DRESSES THAT
YOU SEW AND EVERYTHING--
THAT BOTHERS YOU,
DOESN'T IT?
DON'T DO THIS.
THAT STILL DON'T
MAKE YOU SMART.
WHAT YOU COME HOME
TO, BABY?
ALONE, EVERY NIGHT.
WHEN DID THIS COME?
[SIGHS]
DOESN'T EVEN FEEL
LIKE THE OTHER
ONES.
IT'S SKINNY. LOOK.
READ IT SLOW.
SLOW.
"DEAR MISS WASHINGTON,
"HIGH HAT MAGAZINE
WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU
"FOR YOUR ARTICLE.
UNFORTUNATELY..."
"WE ARE NOT INTERESTED
IN PUBLISHING ARTICLES
BY UNKNOWN COLORED WOMEN."
NO MATTER
HOW TALENTED THEY ARE.
SINCERELY...
BEST REGARDS...
YOURS TRULY.
WHITEY.
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GONNA
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE,
♪LET IT SHINE... ♪
DO YOU TASTE
LIKE CHOCOLATE?
I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU TASTE
LIKE VANILLA?
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪WHEE ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪WON'T YOU LET IT ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH, EVERYBODY ♪
♪NOW GO ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
I'M A NIGGER LOVER.
MOLLY!
WHAT A MEAN
THING TO SAY.
YOU'RE NOT MY BEST
FRIEND ANYMORE.
WELL, I DIDN'T KNOW.
WHAT'S SO MEAN
ABOUT IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT JUST IS.
IT MEANS YOU THINK
YOU'RE BETTER THAN ME,
YOU HONKY.
BUT YOU JUST
CALLED ME A DONKEY.
NOT DONKEY, HONKY,
YOU WHITE GRINGO WOMP
HYMIE MACARONI FACE!
SHUT UP.
SHE IS NOT.
SHE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
♪OH ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH, JESUS ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE,
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
GOD DOES NOT
LIKE UGLY.
YOU'RE GOING
BACK TO SCHOOL TOMORROW,
AND THAT'S IT.
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO GO BACK.
YOU DON'T WANT TO
GO WHERE? HUH?
BACK TO JENNY'S.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT
THAT LATER.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE,
MORE IMPORTANTLY,
YOU ARE LOOKING
AT THE WINNER
OF THE NEW
MR. BROMIDE ACCOUNT!
YAY! IT ABSORBS
27 TIMES ITS WEIGHT
IN EXCESS ACID!
IT'S
STILL UNOFFICIAL,
BUT...
I'D LIKE TO
THANK THE PEOPLE
WHO GOT ME THERE.
MADEMOISELLE.
OOH!
MADAME.
THANK YOU.
YAY!
[DOORBELL RINGS]
MUST BE THE PRESS.
♪YOU SAY YOU DON'T
HAVE TIME TO COOK ♪
♪COME OVER HERE
AND TAKE A LOOK ♪
♪IT'S SMOOTH, IT'S COOL,
IT BREAKS THE RULES ♪
TA-DA!
♪CONGRATULATIONS ♪
♪MANNY SINGER ♪
MANNY! OH!
YOUR MOTHER
JUST CALLED ME
WITH THE FABULOUS
NEWS.
AND I THOUGHT
WE COULD TOAST
MR. BROMIDE
WITH A LITTLE BUBBLY.
HUH? HA HA HA!
HI, MOLLY.
AREN'T YOU PROUD
OF YOUR DADDY?
OH, I GOT YOUR NOSE!
OH, THIS MUST BE
YOUR GIRL.
UH. YEAH,
CORRINA WASHINGTON,
THIS IS
JENNY DAVIS.
HOW VERY NICE
TO MEET YOU.
I HEAR YOU'RE
A REAL WONDER
WITH CHILDREN.
CATRINA, COULD YOU
GET US AN ICE BUCKET
AND TWO GLASSES?
YEAH, UH...
I'LL DO THAT.
OH!
O.K.
GOSH, AREN'T THOSE
LOVELY FLOWERS?
HAS ANYBODY SEEN
MY CIGARETTES?
I JUST GOT YOU
A CARTON.
I CAN'T HELP IT
IF YOU'RE
TEARING THROUGH THEM.
YOU KNOW,
THE THREE OF YOU
COULD GO FOR A DRIVE
AND MAYBE PICK SOME UP.
OR...THIS IS
WHAT IS CALLED
A GOOD TIME TO QUIT.
YOU'RE SO RIGHT.
[WHISPERING]
GOOD NIGHT.
[DING]
SOMETHING
SURE SMELLS GOOD.
I'LL TURN OFF
THE OVEN.
WELL, I'VE NEVER...
EXPERIENCED
ANOTHER MAN
EXCEPT DOUGLAS,
AND--
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
EXCUSE ME.
YEAH.
[RING]
HELLO.
HELLO?
HMM.
OPERATOR?
WE'RE HAVING TROUBLE
ON OUR LINE.
CAN YOU DIAL
THE NUMBER AGAIN?
NO ONE THERE.
BUT I--
[RING]
DON'T ANSWER IT.
HELLO?
HI, DADDY.
MOLLY?
YOU RECOGNIZE MY VOICE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
WELL, I--
I CAN'T SLEEP.
GOOD NIGHT, MOLLY.
MAYBE OUR VOICES
ARE KEEPING HER UP.
YOU O.K.?
BOY, I TELL YOU,
LOUIS COULD STAND
ALONE IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE SAHARA
SINGING
SELECTED EXCERPTS
FROM THE TUNIS
TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.
NO, LOUIS IS COOL.
HE'S COOL.
BUT BILLIE HOLIDAY'S
VERSION--
IT'S JUST A BIT
TASTIER.
JENNY...
MANNY.
THIS IS
ALL VERY NEW...FOR ME.
THIS IS ALL
VERY CONFUSING.
I JUST DON'T FEEL
LIKE I'M READY TO...
GET...
OH, MANNY, I KNOW.
I KNOW.
I KNOW
HOW HARD IT IS
TO LET YOURSELF
LOVE AGAIN.
BUT...
[DOOR OPENS]
WOULD YOU LIKE
A CIGARETTE?
NO.
I DON'T SMOKE.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
START.
GET SOME SLEEP.
THAT'S A PRETTY
FROCK, MOLLY,
BUT IT'S A LITTLE
LATE FOR DRESS-UP.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
EXCUSE ME.
[RING]
HELLO?
YOU KNOW WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?
MY DAD'S IN
THE LIVING ROOM
WITH JENNY.
I DON'T WANT
TO HEAR IT.
GO TO SLEEP.
I CAN'T GO TO SLEEP
IF I HAVE TO GO
BACK TO SCHOOL.
PLEASE?
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT...
IF YOU PROMISE
TO GO RIGHT TO SLEEP.
O.K. I PROMISE.
I LOVE YOU.
[MUMBLING]
I LOVE YOU, TOO,
MOLLY, O.K.?
I'LL SING YOU
TO SLEEP FIRST,
THOUGH.
MOLLY, PLEASE--
♪HUSH, LITTLE LADY,
DON'T SAY A WORD ♪
♪MOLLY'S GOING TO
BUY YOU A MOCKINGBIRD ♪
♪IF THAT MOCKINGBIRD
DON'T SING ♪
♪MOLLY'S GOING TO
BUY YOU A DIAMOND RING ♪
♪IF THAT DIAMOND
RING DON'T SHINE... ♪
IT'S BEEN A LONG
TIME SINCE I'VE BEEN
SERIOUS ABOUT IT,
BUT I STILL PLAY
A LITTLE PIANO.
I USED TO SING MYSELF.
NO KIDDING?
HI.
BUS DRIVER
WAS 20 MINUTES LATE.
I HAVE TO TALK TO YOU.
CORRINA. CORRINA,
WE NEED TO TAL--
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT
OR NOT, I EMPLOY YOU.
OH, YES, YOU DID.
I MEANT TO TELL YOU
I'M GIVING YOU
MY NOTICE.
WHAT?
A WEEK IN ADVANCE,
WHICH IS FAIR.
LISTEN,
ABOUT LAST NIGHT--
THIS IS WHAT
IS CALLED...
ONE WEEK'S NOTICE,
MR. SINGER.
LISTEN TO ME,
PLEASE.
JENNY'S A FRIEND
OF MINE.
I WASN'T EXPECTING
HER TO COME OVER.
AND WHAT I REALLY
WANTED...
WAS YOU TO STAY.
I--I JUST WANTED
TO APOLOGIZE.
WELL, THANK YOU.
BUT LET'S GET
ONE THING STRAIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS MY JOB.
I WORK FOR YOU.
9:00-5:00.
TIME AND A HALF
FOR OVERTIME.
NO MORE. NO LESS.
ABSOLUTELY.
FINE.
O.K.
I'M REALLY
RUNNING LATE.
I'LL BE HOME,
UM, AROUND 5:00.
WILL YOU JUST
WAIT A MINUTE?
TURN AROUND.
YOU HAVE THE THING
THAT'S ALL MESSED UP.
I TELL YOU, MANFRED,
I THINK
SHE'S SPENDING
TOO MUCH TIME
WITH THIS
MRS. WASHINGTON.
GO. TELL ME
I'M WRONG.
GIVE A LOOK
AT YOUR BABY.
♪DA DA ♪
♪LA LA LA ♪
♪MMM MMM MMM ♪
AM I BLIND,
OR IS SHE
BECOMING A SH--
MA, ENOUGH.
KIDS ARE IMPRESSIONABLE,
THAT'S ALL.
CORRINA'S THE BEST THING
THAT COULD HAVE
HAPPENED TO HER.
O.K.?
TRY THE LIGHT.
GRANDMA, YOU'VE GOT
WATER SPOTS
ON YOUR GLASSES.
MAYBE YOU'RE USING
THE WRONG SOAP.
HA HA HA HA HA!
SINCE WHEN DID YOU
BECOME SUCH AN EXPERT
ON CLEANING?
AH. WHICH REMINDS ME.
DID YOU SEE
HOW THE CRYSTAL SPARKLED
AT JENNY'S HOUSE?
MA, PLEASE.
DON'T START.
PLEASE?
LISTEN, MANNY,
IT WOULDN'T BE SO BAD
FOR YOUR FATHER
TO SEE YOU
WITH A LOVELY NEW WIFE
WHILE HE'S STILL HERE.
MA, NOBODY'S
GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU'LL BOTH
BE AROUND TO DANCE
AT MOLLY'S WEDDING.
OY,  MOLLY'S WEDDING.
HA HA HA! OH, NO!
LOOK. HA HA.
HEY, POP.
POP.
SHOW ME AN "A."
AND A C-SHARP.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL,
HARRY.
BEFORE YOU SKEDADDLE,
MAESTRO,
COULD YOU
SPARE A MOMENT
TO FIX THE LIGHT
IN THE FRIGIDAIRE?
MA, THE LIGHT
WORKS FINE.
SO, ARE WE GOING TO
TALK ABOUT IT OR WHAT?
GRANDPA,
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
MAKE DADDY MARRY
CORRINA, O.K.?
I TOLD YOU,
SHE'S THE BEST THING
IN THE WORLD FOR MOLLY.
LOOK AT HER.
SHE'S GLOWING.
MANNY, I WASN'T
BORN TODAY.
IT'S JUST A TREMENDOUS
RELIEF TO--
YOU WERE KISSING
MRS. WASHINGTON
ON YOUR STEPS.
WHAT?
I GOT A CALL
FROM YOUR NEIGHBOR
MRS. MURPHY.
THIS IS SICK.
THIS IS REALLY SICK.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
MRS. MURPHY.
SHE'S A SMALL,
UNHAPPY WOMAN
WITH BIG FEET.
BUT THAT'S
THE WORLD.
IT MAY NOT BE
A PERFECT WORLD,
BUT IT'S THE WORLD
WE LIVE IN.
LISTEN TO WHAT
I'M TELLING YOU,
MANFRED.
A FISH AND A BIRD
CAN FALL IN LOVE,
BUT WHERE WILL THEY
BUILD THEIR NEST?
IT'S FLYING!
THERE IT IS.
♪CORRINA, CORRINA ♪
♪WHERE YOU BEEN SO LONG? ♪
♪AIN'T HAD ME NO LAUGHTER ♪
♪SINCE YOU BEEN GONE ♪
♪I GOT A BIRD
THAT WHISTLES ♪
WHOA, WHOA!
♪AND A ROBIN THAT SINGS ♪
♪GOT A BIRD
THAT WHISTLES... ♪
I'LL GET IT.
I'LL GET IT!
IN THE SANDBOX.
♪AIN'T GOT CORRINA ♪
♪DON'T MEAN A THING ♪
WHAT THE--
MOLLY...
THIS ISN'T A JOKE.
YOU HAVE SOME
EXPLAINING TO DO,
YOUNG LADY.
CIGARETTES COST MONEY.
THEY'RE NOT YOUR TOYS.
NOW WHY DID YOU DO
A THING LIKE THAT?
CORRINA'S HUSBAND
WENT OUT FOR A PACK
OF CIGARETTES
AND DIED.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THEY ALL DIE.
THAT'S WHAT
THE TV SAYS.
EVEN THE SURGERY
GENERAL SAYS IT.
OHH...
MOLLY...
YOU HAVE MY PROMISE
THAT I WILL NEVER,
EVER, EVER LEAVE YOU...
EVER.
PROMISE?
BECAUSE MOMMY SAYS
IT'S BAD TO BE
A BREAKER OF PROMISES.
YEAH, SHE DID
SAY THAT.
YOU SEE? WE REMEMBER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF MOMMY WERE HERE
RIGHT NOW,
SHE'D BE SMILING.
SHE HAD THE BLUEST,
BLUEST EYES,
JUST LIKE YOURS.
BLUE LIKE MINE?
MM-HMM.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE?
[SNIFFS]
YEP. SHE SMELLED
JUST LIKE YOU DO.
WHAT WAS THAT?
WHAT?
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
THINK IT WAS A PLANE.
WHO WANTS TO
TAKE A TRIP
TO KALAMAZOO?
MAKE SURE YOU GET
TICKETS FOR THREE,
NOT TWO!
COME HERE!
LET'S GO FLY.
WHOO!
[ICE CREAM TRUCK
APPROACHES]
UH-OH.
HERE YOU GO.
I'LL HAVE THIS ONE.
O.K.
I WANT CHOCOLATE!
APPRECIATE YOUR PATIENCE.
THEY HAD TO SPECIAL ORDER
THE FABRIC FROM FRANCE.
YOUR WIFE HAD TASTE.
YES, SHE DID.
WASN'T GREAT WITH
DIMENSIONS, THOUGH.
WELL,
NOBODY'S PERFECT.
ONE OF THE LAST
THINGS MY WIFE
SAID TO ME...
WAS DON'T FORGET
TO PICK UP
SOME ALMONDS
ON THE WAY HOME.
SHE SAID
SHE HAD A COUPON
FOR ROASTED.
BUT I WAS
IN A HURRY,
AND I DIDN'T WAIT
TILL SHE FOUND IT.
I DON'T THINK
SHE WAS ANGRY, MANNY.
I THINK SHE UNDERSTOOD.
NOW, DO YOU WANT TO KNOW
THE LAST THING I SAID
TO MY HUSBAND?
WHAT?
SLOW DOWN.
HMM?
SLOW...DOWN.
YOU HAVE SUCH
AN AMAZING SMILE.
THANK YOU.
WANNA DANCE?
WHAT?
YOU WANT TO DANCE?
SURE.
BEEN A WHILE
FOR ME.
[LOUIS ARMSTRONG]
♪YOU GO TO MY HEAD ♪
♪AND YOU LINGER LIKE
A HAUNTING REFRAIN ♪
♪AND I FIND ♪
♪YOU SPINNIN' ROUND
IN MY BRAIN ♪
♪LIKE A BUBBLE ♪
♪IN A GLASS OF CHAMPAGNE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪THE THRILL
OF THE THOUGHT ♪
♪THAT YOU MIGHT
GIVE A THOUGHT ♪
♪TO MY PLEA
CASTS A SPELL ♪
♪OVER ME ♪
♪STILL I SAID TO MYSELF ♪
♪GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF ♪
♪CAN'T YOU SEE
THAT IT NEVER CAN BE? ♪
MANNY.
LOOK AT THE WINDOW.
WHAT?
TAKE A LOOK
AT THE WINDOW.
♪YOU GO TO MY HEAD... ♪
I HAVE TO GO.
♪YOU GO ♪
♪TO MY ♪
♪HEAD ♪
AHEM.
I BEG YOUR PARDON,
MADAM,
BUT I HAVE A GIFT
FOR YOU.
NOW CLOSE YOUR EYES.
HERE YOU ARE.
I MADE THIS
SPECIAL FOR YOU
IN HONOR OF YOU
GOING BACK TO SCHOOL
TOMORROW
SO THAT YOU HAVE
A PLACE
TO PUT
ALL YOUR PAPERS,
POEMS, DRAWINGS,
AND YOU CAN SHOW
THEM TO YOUR DAD.
HERE.
I DON'T THINK
ANYONE ELSE
AT YOUR SCHOOL
HAS ANYTHING
LIKE THIS.
DID YOU NOTICE
THAT WAS LOIS
ON THE COVER THERE?
I JUST WANTED TO
POINT THAT OUT
TO YOU.
YES, GREGORY,
WHAT IS IT?
I WAS JUST WONDERING
WHEN MOLLY SINGER
WOULD BE COMING
BACK TO CLASS.
SHE'LL BE BACK AS SOON
AS SHE'S ALL BETTER.
THAT MEANS THAT
SHE'LL BE HERE
LATER TODAY?
WHAT MAKES YOU SAY THAT,
GREGORY?
SHE'S BEEN VERY SICK.
[RING]
HELLO. MANNY SINGER.
HELLO, MRS. RODGERS.
HOW ARE YOU?
WHAT?
[KNOCKING]
CORRINA.
WHERE'S MOLLY?
SHE'S IN THE ROOM.
HOW DARE YOU
KEEP HER OUT OF SCHOOL
AND NOT TELL ME.
THERE'S AN EXPLANATION.
THERE IS NO
EXPLANATION.
MOLLY. MOLLY.
SHE JUST
WASN'T READY.
CORRINA,
I TRUSTED YOU.
SHE WAS NOT READY
TO GO BACK.
SHE WAS NOT READY.
CORRINA, YOU'RE
NOT HER MOTHER.
THAT'S NOT YOUR DECISION.
HOW DARE YOU
LIE TO ME, CORRINA.
JUST STAY AWAY.
YOU'RE FIRED, CORRINA.
CORRINA!
[CRYING]
WHY DID YOU LIE
TO ME?
HMM?
WHY DID YOU LIE
TO ME?
[PUFF]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
MOLLY.
MOLLY, YOU HAVE TO
TALK TO ME.
GO ON. WHAT HAPPENED?
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
JESUS!
[RING]
HELLO.
MOM, THIS ISN'T
A GOOD TIME RIGHT NOW.
LET ME CALL YOU BACK LATER.
WHAT?
OH, NO.
HOWARD, HERE.
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE
THIS PIECE OF CAKE
OVER TO GRANDMA?
PARDON ME,
BUT COULD YOU SLOW DOWN?
MRS. SINGER
JUST HIRED ME.
ALL THE ASHTRAYS
EMPTIED, PLEASE,
AND ANOTHER POT
OF HOT COFFEE.
GOT IT.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
WHERE'S THE COFFEE?
COME ON, LOIS.
YOU GOT TO EAT.
OH, MANNY.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN STAY,
MAKE
A LITTLE DINNER.
HOWARD!
UNTIE HIM RIGHT NOW.
I'LL CLEAN UP
A LITTLE.
I CAN PUT MOLLY
TO BED.
YOU NEED ME
RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S O.K.
I APPRECIATE IT.
ALL RIGHT. WELL...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH THAT?
I WAS GOING TO
SURPRISE YOU
AND GET IT RESTORED.
I BET I CAN GET RID
OF ALL THESE CRACKS.
I LIKE THE CRACKS.
NO, YOU DON'T.
YEAH, I DO.
I LIKE THEM A LOT.
YOU ARE
WHAT IS CALLED...
UPSET.
UH...
WELL, PERHAPS YOU
NEED A LITTLE TIME.
O.K.?
WE'LL, UM...
WE'LL TALK LATER.
[LAUGHING]
ALL RIGHT, BOYS.
COME ON. LET'S GO NOW.
COME ON. RIGHT NOW.
JENNY.
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING.
UH-OH. HE'S BACK.
COME IN THE HOUSE, PERCY.
QUICK!
HI.
I SHOULD HAVE CALLED.
MY FATHER DIED...
AND...IT
GETS YOU TO THINKING
ABOUT THE PEOPLE
THAT YOU LOVE...
THE THINGS
THAT YOU'VE DONE,
WISH YOU HADN'T DONE.
CORRINA,
YOUR SUPPER'S
GETTING COLD.
I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT YOUR FATHER.
I LIKED HIM A LOT.
CORRINA.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T WANT
THE LAST WORDS
I SAID TO YOU
TO BE--
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW...
I'M NOT VERY GOOD AT THIS.
UM...
CAN YOU PLEASE
HELP ME OUT HERE...
JUST THIS ONCE?
MANNY.
WHO ARE YOU
TALKING TO?
WHAT'S-HIS-NAME.
OH, A NEW FRIEND.
YEAH. YEAH.
I MADE THIS
FOR MOLLY.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO
GIVE IT TO HER YOURSELF?
I MIGHT.
GOOD.
I JUST WANT TO
CLEAR UP ONE THING.
O.K.
REALLY CLEAR.
SO THERE'S
NO MISTAKE.
I QUIT.
O.K.
O.K.?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU'LL BE HAPPY TO KNOW
THAT I HIRED SOMEBODY ELSE.
I THINK YOU'LL LIKE HIM.
DID YOU CHECK
THEIR REFERENCES?
YEAH.
GOOD, BECAUSE
YOU'RE NO PICNIC.
I KNOW.
O.K.
MANNY. MANNY.
I LIVE IN
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD.
COME INSIDE.
COME ON. COME ON.
COME ON.
THAT'S THE FUNNIEST THING
YOU EVER TOLD ME
IN YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
THIS IS MANNY.
HELLO, EVERYBODY.
MANNY SINGER.
GOOD TO MEET YOU.
PLEASED TO MEET YOU.
PERCY, GET YOUR JAW
OFF THE TABLE.
PULL UP AN EXTRA SEAT.
IS THIS MR. PUDDIN' FACE?
YES, THIS IS
THE FACE HIMSELF.
SIT THERE.
GO AHEAD. SIT THERE.
THANK YOU.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
PERCY.
THANK YOU, PERCY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN EAT
ALL MY VEGETABLES
IF YOU WANT.
♪SHINE, SHINE, SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
♪I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
GRANDMA, THAT'S YOUR PART.
MOLLINCHKA, ENOUGH.
I'LL SING IT WITH YOU.
♪ALL DOWN THE ROAD ♪
TAKE IT, GRANDMA.
♪I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ALL DOWN THE ROAD ♪
♪LET IT SHINE,
SHINE, SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪HEY ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪WON'T YOU LET IT? ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪THIS LITTLE LIGHT
OF MINE ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪ALL DOWN THE ROAD ♪
♪LET IT ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ALL DOWN THE ROAD ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ALL DOWN THE ROAD ♪
♪WON'T YOU LET IT? ♪
♪I'M GOING TO
LET IT SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH ♪
♪SHINE, SHINE ♪
♪LET IT SHINE ♪
♪OH, OH-HO ♪
♪SUN FOLLOWS RAIN ♪
♪STRENGTH FOLLOWS PAIN ♪
♪OH, WHOA ♪
♪WE WILL FIND A WAY ♪
♪THERE IS A PLAN ♪
♪THAT FOLLOWS
UNDERSTANDING ♪
♪OH, WHOA ♪
♪WE WILL FIND A WAY ♪
♪AND IN THE LONG RUN ♪
♪ALL THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON ♪
♪THOUGH IT'S HARD
SOMETIMES BELIEVIN' ♪
♪WHAT THAT MEANS ♪
♪DOWN THE LONG ROAD ♪
♪WE WILL SAIL ABOVE
THESE WATERS ♪
♪THERE ARE MORE
THAN SEVEN WONDERS ♪
♪TO BE SEEN ♪
♪WHOA ♪
♪HERE IN YOUR SMILE ♪
♪MY HEART
CAN REST A WHILE ♪
♪AND I KNOW ♪
♪WE WILL FIND A WAY ♪
♪OH, HO ♪
♪FAITH IS THE KEY ♪
♪THAT BROUGHT YOU HERE
TO ME ♪
♪OH, WHOA ♪
♪WE WILL FIND A WAY ♪
♪AND IN THE LONG RUN ♪
♪ALL THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON ♪
♪THOUGH IT'S HARD
SOMETIMES BELIEVIN' ♪
♪WHAT THAT MEANS ♪
♪DOWN THE LONG ROAD ♪
♪WE WILL SAIL ABOVE
THESE WATERS ♪
♪THERE ARE MORE
THAN SEVEN WONDERS ♪
♪TO BE SEEN ♪
♪OH, YEAH ♪
♪OH, OH ♪
♪OH, WHOA ♪
♪OHH ♪
♪HMM ♪
♪SUN FOLLOWS RAIN ♪
♪TIME HEALS THE PAIN ♪
♪OH, IT WILL BE ALL RIGHT ♪
♪DOWN THE LONG ROAD ♪
♪ALL THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON ♪
♪THOUGH IT'S HARD
SOMETIMES BELIEVIN' ♪
♪WHAT THAT MEANS ♪
♪MM-MMM ♪
♪FAITH IS THE KEY ♪
♪THAT BROUGHT YOU HERE
TO ME ♪
♪OH, OH ♪
♪WE WILL FIND ♪
♪OH ♪
♪WE WILL FIND A WAY ♪
♪WHEN THE DARKNESS
GOES ON FOREVER ♪
♪GOES ON FOREVER ♪
♪WE WILL LIGHT
A CANDLE TOGETHER ♪
♪WE WILL SAIL ABOVE
THESE WATERS ♪
♪THERE ARE MORE
THAN SEVEN WONDERS ♪
♪TO SEE ♪
♪ALL THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON ♪
♪THEY HAPPEN FOR A REASON ♪
♪THERE'S SO MUCH
FOR US TO BELIEVE IN ♪
♪AND AS LONG
AS I'M STILL BREATHIN' ♪
♪OH, OH ♪
♪WE WILL FIND ♪
♪A WAY ♪
♪WHEN THE DARKNESS
GOES ON FOREVER ♪
♪WE WILL LIGHT
A CANDLE TOGETHER ♪
♪WE WILL SAIL ABOVE
THESE WATERS ♪
♪THERE ARE MORE
THAN SEVEN WONDERS ♪
♪TO SEE ♪
♪ALL THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON ♪
♪THEY HAPPEN FOR A REASON ♪
♪THERE'S SO MUCH
FOR US TO BELIEVE IN ♪
♪AND AS LONG
AS I'M STILL BREATHIN' ♪
♪OH, OH ♪
♪WE WILL FIND ♪
♪A WAY ♪
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NEW LINE HOME VIDEO
CAPTIONS COPYRIGHT 1994
NEW LINE PRODUCTIONS, INC.